The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah.
You know,
for for someone who was,
you know,
used to have to hide it before.
Yeah.
In you know,
that's the beauty of it now is it,
you don't have to hide it and people that used to,
you know,
you got people now that you've never thought were smokers and you know,
now they're coming out and just being totally free with it and that's great man.
You know,
cause that have laptop.
What the fuck is that?
Oh hemp types be a cover but yeah,
that's pretty cool.
How could it be a cover of,
it's like the USB ports and everything like that.
They have those like skin covers.
It could just be a look a like,
but it looks like it is.
They should make it really shouldn't miracle plant afar time.
It is.
I got to agree.
Well listen brother,
you're a bad mother.
Fucker is.
I really appreciate you.
Thank you brother forever for a long time.
So it's cool to get in here.
And when a hot boxes we're going to get in that small box.
People been asking for you for a lot of time.
And I say this,
you know,
in some of the,
some of the smoke boxes,
you know,
like,
cause it's the realest shit.
Like we just had Mike Tyson in there,
you know,
and um,
how,
where does it to smoke weed with my titles.
I've smoked with him before and,
and I,
I've smoked with them on a couple of separate occasions aside from there.
But one of the places that I smoked with him was at that fucking Leo Machida
Rashad Evans fight when we all left,
you know,
after the fight we were sort of getting to our cars and he ran into me and my
partner Kenji and we were smoking a fat one right there.
And they'd be real [inaudible] going to hit it at all.
Right.
Fuck yeah.
Champion.
Here you go.
And,
and um,
you know,
we always knew he smoked out.
What was crazy about this interview?
Real quick that I'll say it like,
cause you asked me this in this interview,
like what did you do for the anxieties before?
Like,
you know,
let's say we're going to go on stage or do the shit.
Right.
So I asked him that similar question.
I said,
you know,
as artists,
as athletes will before we're going to go do our thing in front of a mass amount
of people,
you get this nervous energy,
what did you do to,
you know,
deal with that?
And he said,
uh,
you think it hit in the time before fight?
Yeah.
You know,
and he was saying how he would,
the guys that work work with him would,
uh,
instill these certain words,
like calmness,
you know,
that would be a reoccurring word that they would do in the hypnosis,
in hypnotizing them before a fight,
so that he would always be calm in the fight and never fight desperate in,
always be in control of the situation no matter what happened.
And that's how he would,
you know,
get that nervous energy down and,
and,
uh,
be able to fight with such focus.
But the other interesting thing he said was that he never fought.
I mean,
he was smoking the whole time,
you know,
he's a big weed head since he was like 10 years old apparently.
But he said that he was smoking,
you know,
but not necessarily when he was training,
they would give him when he was training,
you know,
shit,
that he wouldn't feel nothing,
but he didn't have focus.
What kind of pharmaceuticals?
He said,
uh,
some of it was fentinol,
some Percocet,
some fentanyl wasn't even around back.
Well,
a form of it,
you know,
like whatever.
Yeah,
it was a opiate.
That was whatever the defense and all of that time,
whatever,
I can't remember what he called it,
but there was two or three prescription drugs that they would give him it,
and he said he,
he wouldn't feel nothing.
He felt good.
Like there's no pain,
no nothing.
But the focus that he had was,
was not,
not there.
Right.
He said that he smoked weed in one fight.
Like he smoked weed before one particular fight and,
and he used the wizard Nader to get through the urine test.
Somehow.
He fucking,
he says it in the interview and you know,
he said that the fight that he had where he was smoked out was with Andrew
Gelada.
Why?
He said he'd never had so much focus in a fight that it made him realize he
should've been smoking weed through every goddamn fight because he focused on
everything he was supposed to.
He said he broke his cheek,
he broke his,
uh,
cheek here.
It orbital broke his orbital.
He broke a rib and part of his back with a body shots,
Christ.
And he said,
you know,
that was the fight that was the one and only fight that he smoked out
beforehand.
And Andrew Galata got,
he got a flat line.
He had Andrew go out of left the ring.
He was like,
fuck this.
And Andrew Gelada had been through wars.
Oh yeah,
man.
Really?
Both fights were crazy.
Riddick Bowe fights.
I mean,
cause Riddick Bowe was really good,
you know,
but,
um,
he didn't hit like Mike.
No,
no,
no.
I don't think no one hit like Mike,
if you look at like some of his early training oh,
crazy.
He was so crazy back then.
If you look at some of my early training in his footwork,
it's almost like,
you know,
almost like martial arts based,
the way that he attacked and then he shifts on his attack and his foot was
tomato custom motto was a master master.
Yeah.
It wasn't until he switched up and got rid of Kevin Rooney and you know where
the destruction starts out.
I think it was also his,
you know,
his life was just too crazy.
It was just too crazy.
No one can manage that from the time of these 20 to,
you know,
by the time he retired,
I mean it was probably just a whirlwind of chaos.
And it's crazy because he realizes that like looking back at it and he says that
he doesn't train anymore because it awakens a beast.
And he said that it made me nervous because it's headed,
cause he said that to you too,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah,
yeah.
Cause I,
cause I was watching,
you know,
your interview with them and uh,
one of our guys that was in the backseat asked him,
Hey,
do you ever train?
Do you ever,
you know,
it's like,
Nah,
I don't do that.
No.
Yeah,
he goes every night.
I get on the treadmill and I do some running on the treadmill,
but that fit,
I would imagine that if he got back and trained and he get in shape real quick,
oh,
I'm sure it would awaken beast.
Yeah.
They're all like,
you can't quit.
You can't quit.
He's like,
fuck you.
Fuck.
You just got up and left,
pushed that guy away.
And he's like,
you're not filling these punches.
He knew something was wrong.
Well,
he knew his joke was eyeball was broke too.
Or is is uh,
they try to put the mouthpiece,
he put it in.
It's Lou [inaudible].
Lou Duvel is that,
who is that guy looked like Lou.
Do over for a second.
Yes,
I be,
you could tell his fucking face as buses.
Right.
They're fairly normal,
but I'm sure it felt like shit,
you know,
like,
it doesn't swell up real bad until later he listened.
You know,
if Andrew Gelada,
you know,
who's been in wars,
with Riddick Bowe and other fighters,
like he was no slouch.
If he's telling you I've had enough of this shit,
I'm like,
well,
let him go.
Because he knows.
Once they found out that his back was broken in,
his face was broken,
they're probably like,
oh,
okay,
sorry.
Yeah.
I mean they think about that.
His corner guy was like trying to put his mouth piece back so stupid once it
got,
doesn't want to fight.
You can't make them fight more.
I mean it's like he's already flipped that switch inside of his head.
You know what I told Mike that he didn't realize it.
This is the last thing,
cause I know we both got to go,
but I said,
do you know that all the dudes you fought to get to that title,
including,
you know the dudes that you know that,
that you took titles from,
they all stopped fighting after you beat him.
None of them wanted to come back and get nothing.
They didn't want no part of that heavyweight title after that.
He retired so many boxers.
Oh yeah.
He doesn't even realize that.
Settled in Tony tubs.
Go down the line.
All of them.
He didn't retire.
Larry Holmes,
waiting until he went to jail and he's like,
I'm going to come back.
Yup.
Yeah.
That's the only guy.
Bone crusher Smith.
Yep.
Yeah.
Tyro bigs.
Ah,
definitely retired telling eggs.
And they were rivals at one point in time.
Yeah.
He fucked Tyrrell big pretty good.
Leon Spinks.
He's like,
yeah,
Michael's,
yeah.
You know what?
I had this title too long.
Cause a wrap.
Yeah.
Check please.
And he told me just like,
I think,
you know what?
I didn't even feel like that.
Yeah,
man know what he did.
He retired.
A lot of people said,
we all saw it.
It was a force of nature.
Yeah.
And I told him,
the other thing I told him real quick too was,
you know,
like that explanation that he had on his documentary where he,
as he's coming to the ring,
he knew he had the fight.
One,
he could see it in their eyes and then once he steps into the ring,
he's a god.
They're done.
Right.
And I told them,
you know,
I was at that Bruce Seldon fight and um,
I saw exactly what you explained in Bruce Seldon Cause Bruce Selden was knocking
fools out left and right.
He was like a really good heavyweight.
The minute he got in there with Mikey Fan boyed out tasted that glove.
Didn't want no more.
Yeah,
it was a experience.
It wasn't just that you were fighting a guy who knew how to fight,
but you were fighting Mike Tyson.
He was this idol.
He was this thing,
this cultural phenomenon.
He was thought to be at that time.
Everybody was thinking he's the greatest heavyweight of all time.
Does a destroyer.
Yeah.
No one had an answer for him.
No.
You know,
sell,
didn't sell.
Then he pretty much,
you know,
he was a fan.
That was his idol and he,
he got totally got rocked.
He was so huge at the time that when buster Douglas beat him,
even though I knew he beat him,
I watched the fight afterwards.
I couldn't believe it.
I'm like,
this is,
he's going to get up and it's Bruce Selden.
I look out Jack Bruce Seldon ones,
he's a big boy and they're fucking tank.
Yeah.
And he was,
he was knocking people out of me,
look 29 knockouts and he was fighting good guys.
Oh yeah.
Cause I WBA heavyweight champion and I followed his career too.
You know what I mean?
And yeah,
he totally fan boyed out on Mike Man.
I'm like,
well we'll get the stare down.
We've seen him in the stare down.
You look at it that
it's like,
oh no,
you made a tremendous mistake getting married to this mistake row.
Look how much bigger Seldon is do it.
He's a big boy bro.
He wasn't taking them to that shit.
Tyson's footwork and his ability to close the distance and bobbing and weaving.
I mean it was like there was nobody before him like that.
No Man,
they'll never be another guy like that.
It's a heavy heavyweight.
He was just so fast too because realistically the guys who trained him,
yeah,
they had a certain technique and nobody uses it.
Well it's not just that,
it was what Mike talked about in the podcast about being hypnotized.
Yeah.
I mean from the time he was a little boy and you know,
the fact that he had nothing before that everything was,
his life was shit.
It was all pain and suffering and poverty.
And then all of a sudden some guy comes along and rescues him and takes him,
teaches him out of box,
and then all of a sudden he gets recognition and positive feedback and he felt
like he was something special.
Boom,
he fucking hit that campus Holler.
He didn't want it.
We kind of forget sometimes what it was like watching those fights to go back
and watch them now.
I mean there's,
there's amazing fighters right now,
like the,
like Terrence Crawford who just won a Saturday night.
Amazing,
amazing boxers.
But what Mike was,
was something,
he was something completely different.
It was something that transcended sports.
Everybody wanted to see him fight,
you know,
if you believe in conspiracy theories,
right?
He didn't even hit him right there.
He just fell on purpose.
Right.
If you believe in conspiracy theories,
right?
You think about it like this,
Mike was knocking guys out in the first round and people were paying a whole lot
of money for,
for tickets and paper view.
You know when you look at it,
it looks like they will try to slow his role and put in a guy like Evander
Holyfield who was a brawler you could box but he could brawl and take the fight
11 rounds and you know,
make it a fucking great pay per view.
Where Mike with totally ruined the paper have you had knock your ass out in,
in a minute.
And when you look at it the way boxing was for such a long time,
I wouldn't put it past it that,
you know,
a lot of the shit that happened to them was manipulated so that it would slow
his role.
What,
what,
what kind of Shit?
Like what do you mean?
Well,
you know,
the people that he had him,
I mean,
you know,
certainly the daughter of the king around immediate,
he took all his,
his,
his people that he trusted away from them,
put different trainers in his corner,
different people that we're influencing him and did it just took him backwards
and man and all the people that actually helped got him there were fucking gone.
And those were the guys that was actually given him guidance as to,
you know,
how to conduct yourself,
be a man and all that stuff.
And he got around the vultures,
man.
And they,
and to me,
I think don king,
being don king,
he stood in more money.
He stood a chance to make more money with someone taking out the fight,
you know,
11 to 12 rounds as opposed to one.
Well,
he just,
he gave Mike the worst deals ever to win.
The whole thing was terrible.
He stole money from him.
To this day,
my hates.
Yeah.
That's all terrible.